Contributing file (#1631)
GregTechCE/GregTech: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Something is missing? Thought about a cool feature?
* Check if there is similar idea under [Issues](https://github.com/GregTechCE/GregTech/issues) and if so but something is missing then please collaborate on it.
* Nothing similar? Then [open a new issue](https://github.com/GregTechCE/GregTech/issues/new/choose) using **Feature request** template.

### Have question regarding project?
* We have Discord (link above), feel free to hang out and ask your questions. There are always some community members which may provide answers.
* Discord not your thing? Okay, understandable, then please [open a new issue](https://github.com/GregTechCE/GregTech/issues/new/choose) using **Question** template.

### Anything else?
* Discord is right place for it.

## Want to contribute some more?
We are mostly organizing our self on Discord and it is preferred place to discuss issues or quickly exchange info.
GitHub is more of input, output and storage kind of place.
Of course if we made any decision regarding issues/PRs we will write it on GitHub, so it is available to anyone.

> ### Know foreign language and want to contribute translation?

Reviewer: "Know a foreign language..."

* If we already have language files for it feel free to review them and let us know any mistakes or improvements.
* We don't have then, and you feel brave enough to make them then please join us on Discord, so we can discuss it.

### Don't know how to code?

> We will stay take your help. 

Reviewer: "We can still take your help"

* You can look through open issues with [status: unverified](https://github.com/GregTechCE/GregTech/labels/status%3A%20unverified) and confirm they are present.

> On simplest possible configuration and write down reproduction steps if they are missing. Or provide any other related information.

Reviewer: "Please attempt to confirm them on the simplest possible configuration, and provide reproduction steps if the are missing from the original issue."

Author: I am not sure how to get this in can you please supply it via `Insert suggestion` feature.

* Or you can let us know what you think on issues with tag [open for discussion](https://github.com/GregTechCE/GregTech/labels/open%20for%20discussion).

> * Maybe your expertise may helps us on issues with [status: help needed](https://github.com/GregTechCE/GregTech/labels/status%3A%20help%20needed)

Reviewer: "Maybe your expertise could help us on..."

### Know how to mod or at least code?

## Tag explanation
Tags are used across issues and PRs to quickly determine what given items is about.
### Shared
#### integration
There is some integration to either CT, JEI or TOP.
#### subsystem

> Defines related areas for this record. For example issue reporting problems with cables should be marked with subsystem: cables.

Reviewer: "Defines related areas for this issue or PR. For example, an issue reporting problems with cables..."

#### type: duplicate
This item duplicates some other.

> They should be linked, if there is some useful information it should be transferred adn this item should be closed.

Reviewer: "transferred and this item..."

#### status: accepted
For PR it means it will be included in next release of appropriate size.

> For Issue it means it can be worked on. It is either small enough that requirements are known from description.

Reviewer: "known from the description, or..."

Or it has abstract defining acceptance criteria and implementation specification.

### PR specific
#### release note needed
There is need for explanation of given feature/bug in release notes
#### rsr (Release size requirements)
Defines under which circumstances can be this included in release.
There are 4 sizes 
* Revision (small addition or transparent change without big effect on existing games)
* Minor (nondestructive or destructive must have change to API, change to recipes or mechanics) 
* Major (destructive change to API, save games compatibility problems, major mechanics rework)
* Undetermined (size of change is not known)
Currently, only first 2 mentioned are releasable.
#### status: release blocker
Next release can't get out without this PR.

### Issue specific
#### question
This issue is question and should be close after answering it.
#### status: workaround exists

> There is a known workaround for give issue.

Reviewer: "...workaround for given issue."

* Discord not your thing? Okay, understandable, then please [open a new issue](https://github.com/GregTechCE/GregTech/issues/new/choose) using **Question** template.

### Anything else?
* Discord is right place for it.

## Want to contribute some more?
We are mostly organizing our self on Discord and it is preferred place to discuss issues or quickly exchange info.
GitHub is more of input, output and storage kind of place.
Of course if we made any decision regarding issues/PRs we will write it on GitHub, so it is available to anyone.

### Know a foreign language and want to contribute translation?
* If we already have language files for it feel free to review them and let us know any mistakes or improvements.
* If we don't have the language files, and you feel brave enough to make them, then please reach out to us on Discord, so we can discuss it.

### Don't know how to code?
We can still take your help.
* You can look through open issues with [status: unverified](https://github.com/GregTechCE/GregTech/labels/status%3A%20unverified) and confirm they are present.

> On simplest possible configuration and write down reproduction steps if they are missing. Or provide any other related information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please attempt to confirm issues with the simplest possible configuration, and provide reproduction steps if they are missing from the original issue. You can also provide any other related information you have discovered, to attempt to clarify the issue.
```
